now the serpent was more cunning than
now the serpent was more cunning than any beast of a field which the law
any beast of a field which the law
any beast of a field which the law God had made and he said to the woman
God had made and he said to the woman
God had made and he said to the woman yes God indeed said you shall not eat of
yes God indeed said you shall not eat of
yes God indeed said you shall not eat of every tree of the garden you may eat the
every tree of the garden you may eat the
every tree of the garden you may eat the fruit of the trees of the garden but of
fruit of the trees of the garden but of
fruit of the trees of the garden but of the fruit of the tree which is in the
the fruit of the tree which is in the
the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden God has said you
midst of the garden God has said you
midst of the garden God has said you shall not eat it nor shall you touch it
shall not eat it nor shall you touch it
shall not eat it nor shall you touch it must you die you will not surely die for
must you die you will not surely die for
must you die you will not surely die for God knows that in the day you eat of it
God knows that in the day you eat of it
God knows that in the day you eat of it your eyes will be opened and you will be
your eyes will be opened and you will be
your eyes will be opened and you will be like God knowing good and evil
like God knowing good and evil
like God knowing good and evil sir when the woman saw that the tree was
sir when the woman saw that the tree was
sir when the woman saw that the tree was good for food that it was pleasant to
good for food that it was pleasant to
good for food that it was pleasant to the eyes and a tree desirable to make
the eyes and a tree desirable to make
the eyes and a tree desirable to make one wise she took of its fruit and ate
she also gave to her husband with her
she also gave to her husband with her and he ate then the eyes of both of them
and he ate then the eyes of both of them
and he ate then the eyes of both of them were opened and they knew that they were
were opened and they knew that they were
were opened and they knew that they were naked and they sewed fig leaves together
naked and they sewed fig leaves together
naked and they sewed fig leaves together and made themselves coverings and they
and made themselves coverings and they
and made themselves coverings and they heard the sound of the Lord God walking
heard the sound of the Lord God walking
heard the sound of the Lord God walking in the garden in the cool of the day and
in the garden in the cool of the day and
in the garden in the cool of the day and Adam and his wife hid themselves from
Adam and his wife hid themselves from
Adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the Lord God among the
the presence of the Lord God among the
the presence of the Lord God among the trees of the garden then the Lord God
trees of the garden then the Lord God
trees of the garden then the Lord God called to Adam where are you I heard
called to Adam where are you I heard
called to Adam where are you I heard your voice in the garden and I was
your voice in the garden and I was
your voice in the garden and I was afraid because I was naked and I hid
afraid because I was naked and I hid
afraid because I was naked and I hid myself who told you that you were naked
myself who told you that you were naked
myself who told you that you were naked have you eaten from the tree of which I
have you eaten from the tree of which I
have you eaten from the tree of which I commanded you that you should not eat a
commanded you that you should not eat a
commanded you that you should not eat a woman
woman
woman whom you gave to be with me she gave me
whom you gave to be with me she gave me
whom you gave to be with me she gave me of the tree and I ate and the Lord God
of the tree and I ate and the Lord God
of the tree and I ate and the Lord God said to the woman what is this you have
said to the woman what is this you have
said to the woman what is this you have done the serpent deceived me and I ate
done the serpent deceived me and I ate
done the serpent deceived me and I ate so the Lord God said to the serpent
so the Lord God said to the serpent
so the Lord God said to the serpent because you have done this you are
because you have done this you are
because you have done this you are cursed more than all cattle and more
cursed more than all cattle and more
cursed more than all cattle and more than every beast of the field on your
than every beast of the field on your
than every beast of the field on your belly you shall go and you shall eat
belly you shall go and you shall eat
belly you shall go and you shall eat dust all the days of your life and I
dust all the days of your life and I
dust all the days of your life and I will put enmity between you and the
will put enmity between you and the
will put enmity between you and the woman and between your seed and her seed
woman and between your seed and her seed
woman and between your seed and her seed he shall bruise your head and you shall
he shall bruise your head and you shall
he shall bruise your head and you shall bruise his heel to a woman he said I
bruise his heel to a woman he said I
bruise his heel to a woman he said I will greatly multiply your sorrow and
will greatly multiply your sorrow and
will greatly multiply your sorrow and your conceptual in pain you shall bring
your conceptual in pain you shall bring
your conceptual in pain you shall bring forth children your desire shall be for
forth children your desire shall be for
forth children your desire shall be for your husband and he shall rule over you
your husband and he shall rule over you
your husband and he shall rule over you when to Adam he said because you have
when to Adam he said because you have
when to Adam he said because you have heeded the voice of your wife and have
heeded the voice of your wife and have
heeded the voice of your wife and have eaten from the tree of which I commanded
eaten from the tree of which I commanded
eaten from the tree of which I commanded you saying you shall not eat of it
you saying you shall not eat of it
you saying you shall not eat of it cursed is the ground for your sake in
cursed is the ground for your sake in
cursed is the ground for your sake in toil you shall eat of it all the days of
toil you shall eat of it all the days of
toil you shall eat of it all the days of your life both forms and thistles it
your life both forms and thistles it
your life both forms and thistles it shall bring forth for you
shall bring forth for you
shall bring forth for you and you shall eat the herb of the field
and you shall eat the herb of the field
and you shall eat the herb of the field in the sweat of your face you shall eat
in the sweat of your face you shall eat
in the sweat of your face you shall eat bread till you return to the ground for
bread till you return to the ground for
bread till you return to the ground for out of it you were taken for dust you
out of it you were taken for dust you
out of it you were taken for dust you are and to dust you shall return and
are and to dust you shall return and
are and to dust you shall return and Adam called his wife's name Eve because
Adam called his wife's name Eve because
Adam called his wife's name Eve because she was the mother of all living
she was the mother of all living
she was the mother of all living also for Adam and his wife the Lord God
also for Adam and his wife the Lord God
also for Adam and his wife the Lord God made tunics of skinned and clothed
and the Lord God said Behold the man has
and the Lord God said Behold the man has become like one of us to know good and
become like one of us to know good and
become like one of us to know good and evil and now lest he put out his hand
evil and now lest he put out his hand
evil and now lest he put out his hand and take also of the tree of life and
and take also of the tree of life and
and take also of the tree of life and eat and live forth therefore the Lord
eat and live forth therefore the Lord
eat and live forth therefore the Lord God sent him out of the Garden of Eden
God sent him out of the Garden of Eden
God sent him out of the Garden of Eden to till the ground from which he was
to till the ground from which he was
to till the ground from which he was taken so he drove out the man and he
taken so he drove out the man and he
taken so he drove out the man and he placed cherubim at the east of the
placed cherubim at the east of the
placed cherubim at the east of the Garden of Eden and a flaming sword which
Garden of Eden and a flaming sword which
Garden of Eden and a flaming sword which turned every way to guard the way to the
turned every way to guard the way to the
turned every way to guard the way to the Tree of Life